Make all contribution links absolute (#765)
m2lines/Samudra: docs/contributing.md

## Running Samudra

> Please review the [How to Run](https://m2lines.github.io/Samudra/docs/run/) guide to learn how to train, evaluate, and visualize our emulators. To learn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please review the [How to Run](docs/run.md) guide to learn how to train, evaluate, and visualize our emulators. To learn
```

> how to customize experiments and hyperparameters, please read our [configuration](https://m2lines.github.io/Samudra/docs/config/) guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how to customize experiments and hyperparameters, please read our [configuration](docs/config.md) guide.
```

## Data Engineering

> To learn about how to access or recreate our datasets, please review our [data guide](https://m2lines.github.io/Samudra/docs/data/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn about how to access or recreate our datasets, please review our [data guide](docs/data.md).
```
